Added a virtual environment instruction (#3028)
conan-io/docs: README.md

============

- Install python and [pip docs](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/).

> - Create a virtual environment: `python -m venv env`
> - Activate the virtual environment: `source env/bin/activate`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Recommended) Create a virtual environment: `python -m venv env` and activate it: `source env/bin/activate`
```
